Mom, don't you know that Song Qingxin?
He actually took my card and swiped 30 million in one go
Mom, this necklace really suits you.
come
Try this arm again
It's really nice.
Ouch, it's still a little girl's good eye
By the way, what did you just say about 3,000?
I will not go there.
I spent your little money to buy some jewelry for my mother.
Don't blame me.
That's 30 million
What should I do with the address of 30 million?
I'm happy to buy 30 million
You don't want to
No no no I don't want to
Make your scum bleed
It can be regarded as exporting evil to the heroine.
By the way, don't pick it for me today
Three days later.
The Song family wants to retrieve their biological daughter
Have a welcome party
And you know what?
Welcome party I remember the plot was
Hurry up and press him for me
Ask him to apologize to me.
Apologize to them now!
I know. I won't take it with me for now.
That won't work.
You must go.
You also jumped on a beautiful bird
You go to the wedding with you in three days
What? What?
When is the time?
Dressed up beautifully
Give him a good slap in the face
Especially the one called Snow White
What's the matter, am I wrong?
No, but how do I tell him?
In fact, Cher is not a little monster at all
Mom
I don't want to go with Song Qianqian
If he goes, it will only make me more embarrassed.
I don't listen to my mother
Mom, I'm a little tired.
Thank you. Thank you.
I have to tell Cher right away
I'm going to the welcome party
This child is still soft-hearted
See me then
Teach your family a lesson